=TopCat=

TopCat is a free and open source rich web application template to be used in either commercial or non-commercial projects.

The tamplate may be used to make a rich and appealing web application's UI, a website's admin UI or something completely different.

_TopCat is currently in it's first development, so there's no working version availible._

==TopCat's objectives==

TopCat's objectives are very clear: TopCat aims to be a rich, fast and functional template for web applications and admin zones of various websites.

There is a very large selection of such templates, that can be bought from various sites ([http://themeforest.net Themeforest] and similar), but there are very few availible for free or even as open source.

With TopCat we will finally get a template like this for free and as open source.

First TopCat's development objective is to (almost) completely replicate an existing template, made by [http://themeforest.net/user/rzepak Łukasz Girek (Rzepak)], named [http://themeforest.net/item/admintheme-ultimate-admin-panel-solution/45278 AdminTheme].

[http://themeforest.net/item/admintheme-ultimate-admin-panel-solution/45278 AdminTheme] was even offered for free on [http://themeforest.net Themeforest] in September 2009 ([http://blog.themeforest.net/site-news/free-file-of-the-month-september-2009 read the post]), but with some restrictions:

  _"You are granted ONE free usage of the item in a project either commercial or non-commercial. You may not use the file in multiple projects unless you purchase licenses in the usual way. You may not redistribute the item in any way. If you need a different license for this file, you may purchase it here (link)."_ From themeforest.net.

This was a very generous gift from AdminTheme's author Rzepak, but unfortunately has some restrictions. For this reason TopCat project was created.

==The project's name==

The project's cartoony name actually stands fot *Top* *C*ross-browser *A*dministration *T*emplate (TopCat). In the same time it is a refference to an old [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hanna-Barbera Hanna-Barbera] cartoon [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Top_Cat Top Cat], where a band of alley cats try to live for free while they are led by their charismatic leader, Top Cat. We want the TopCat template to live for free as well, while being a good and charismatic administration tool.
